# Web Programming Portfolio
#### **Video Demo:**  <https://youtu.be/WNFQjb_spt4>
#### **Description:**

For my project, I compiled all the different worksheets and projects I worked on for my Computer Science IV and CS50 classes into a portfolio. I took the two classes concurrently, and they overlapped quite a bit will all the web programming, so I used these mini-projects for both. Most of these were just for practice so that I could learn different topics in preparation for my CSIV final project, which is linked at the bottom of the home page.

For the home page, I created the file index.html, which contains explanations for every worksheet and project. There is a brief introduction to the website, and at the bottom, it contains an introduction to my CSIV final project. I used Bootstrap to design the page so that it is separated into sections and different cards. icon.jpg is the icon that shows up in the tab for all the pages. base.html is the outline that I used for all web pages so that they have a link to the home page for easier navigation. runflask.cmd is meant to launch the website, and app.py is the primary manager of all the files and routes. The file manages validation and any database work.

There are several different little tutorials I followed to develop new skills. These are shown in the first section of the home page. The indexHTML.html file is the home page for the HTML worksheet, and oreo2.jpg is an image used on the page. indexCSS.html is the home page for the CSS project, and styleCSS.css provides the styling for that page. The home page for the python worksheet is indexPython.html, which links to factorial.html, and stylePython.css styles the pages. The file indexForms.html is for the forms worksheet, and the results are shown in resultsForms.html. indexSQL.html is the home page for the SQL worksheet, the results of which are shown in resultsSQL.html.

There are also three projects I developed to practice skills from worksheets. First, I created a small page using just HTML and CSS, contained in the files indexHTMLCSSProject.html and styleHTMLCSS.css. For my Python project, I created home and results pages: indexPythonProject.html and resultsPythonProject.html. The file stylePythonProject.css styles the two pages. My final, SQL project was an extension of the python project except it involved a database. The two files indexSQLProject.html and resultsSQLProject.html make up the home and results pages for the project.